Politeness (Markman Lab Meeting 11/2/15)
* Motivating Examples
    - Rule like: Sorry / Thanks / Please
    - Polite requests: "It's a little cold in here."
    --> White lies: "I love this gift." (but I actually hate it)
    --> Exaggeration: "Your cookies are great." (they're actually just okay)
    
* Formal account
    - Scalar treatment of Terrible [----] Amazing
        - Okay means okay but not amazing
    - Flexibility might come from vague treatment of terms (e.g. borderline "okay" cases.)
    - Alternatively, "It was okay" might have a subjective interpretation ("I think it was okay.")
    
* Experiment 1: "John is nice" vs. "John is blunt"
    - Design
        - Speaker: Honest, blunt vs. Polite
        - Utterance: Great vs. Bad
    - DM: What score do you think the work deserved?
* Results
    - Utterance = "It was great"
        - Honest speaker: monotonic increasing probability of higher scores
        - Polite speaker: Good, but not actually great
    - Utterance = "It was bad"
        - Honest speaker: bad, but not terrible
        - Polite speaker: bad and possibly terrible
* Discussion
    - Is it bad or misleading to be polite?
    - What do you get from describing a person as polite?
        - Does the context force a polite interpretation?
        - Information presented is a trait of a person. (Blunt vs. polite person)
            > But, blunt is not just honest.
            > What other inferences could be licensed?
            > Will they work hard to not hurt your feelings?
        - MH is starting to think about habituals (i.e. "John is nice.")
            > [[someone is polite]] --> generically have the goal of being polite or generically do polite things
        - Polite people don't say: "This is bad."
            > They might say: "This needs work."

* Experiment 2: Utterance x State --> Goal
    - Design
        - True state: Everyone thought Yvonne's cake was terrible. Yvonne had no idea.
        - Utterance
            > Terrible --- Amazing
        - DM: Goals
        - Follow-up inferences: Feedback / liking

* Results
    - Goals
        - Goal to be NICE
            > Increases with increasing positive valence of the utterance
        - Goal to be MEAN
            > Increases with decreasing positive valence of the utterance
            > But doesn't go as high as goal to be NICE when utterance is "amazing"
        - Goal to be HONEST
            > Peaks are when state and utterance match
    - Follow-up inferences
        - Would you get feedback from this speaker?
            > When amazing, increasing probability as you go up the scale of the utterance
            > When terrible, decreasing probability as you go up the scale of the utterance
        - How much do you like this speaker?
            > When amazing, increasing probability as you go up the scale of the utterance
        - MH: What if you looked at this plot subsetting on when utterance matches state?
    - Discussion: Asymmetry in explaining away niceness / meanness by honesty
        - Intuitions
            > To denigrate something excellent is mean
            > To give praise when something is amazing requires a certain amount of niceness
        - Trials with a null utterance?
            > Experiment forces the speaker to answer. (How did my cake taste?)
            > This takes away from the ability to fault the speaker.
        - Helpfulness
            > Honest / nice person you can say negative things
            > If you say it's amazing when it is amazing, there's no chance
            > MH: Might this have to do with priors?
                - If terrible things are really rare?
                - If amazing things are more common?
        - The scale
            > Bad and terrible don't seem to differentiate as good and amazing do
            > Could we go more extreme on positive and negative
        - Explicit markings of utterance with "Honestly, ..."
            > Normally, speakers wouldn't say these things

* Experiment 3: Kids
    - Sally didn't like the cookie.
    - Honest: "Edward, your cookie was yucky."
    - Polite: "Edward, your cookie was tasty."
    - DM
        - How nice is the speaker? 1 - 5 scale of faces
        - Who you want to play with? Forced choice. Explanation.
        - Generalization: Both speakers get another cookie and both say it's tasty. "Whose snack is more tasty?" Forced choice.
            > MH: This might relate to Tenney, Conrad, et all. (2011) -- calibration of two speaker dimensions (I think confidence + accuracy...)
    - Results
        - Who is nicer?
            > Main effect of polite speaker
            > US 3-4 year olds don't differentiate, but 5-6 year olds do
            > Korean kids are more discerning
        - Would do you want to play with?
            > Polite > Honest for 3-4 year olds
        - Generalization / Trust
            > Polite > Honest for 3-4 year old, 5-6 year old; no interaction but tempted to see it in the data
    - Discussion
        - Look at difference score?
        - Forced choice a more sensitive measure?
            > Can you interpret "who do you want to play with" as "who is nicer"?
        - Positive statement --> Nice person? // Negative statement --> Not nice?
            > Need baseline! Just hearing
            > "It was yucky"
            > "It was tasty"
        - No communicative pressure in Generalization / Eval question
        - Does nicer people get nicer cookies?
        - 3-4 year olds are in the difficult Theory of Mind territory

* General discussion
    - Grice vs. norms // Inference vs. rules
        - Grice tells you about communication, how do you make sense of utterances
        - Your parents tell you a moral philosophy
        - moral principle vs. principle of efficient communication
        - EY: goals of what to communicate vs. how to communicate?

    - Future directions
        - More fleshed out scenarios
            > Knowing more about the context, speaker's motivation
                - What the speaker thinks
                - What the listener wants
                    > Is the listener baking for her friends?
                    > Or baking for her portfolio for baking school?
            > Weights on goals
                - Might weight honesty if your friends goal relates to competence (applying to baking school)
                - ... friends goal relates to praise (i.e. is low-stakes)
            > Linguistic markings ("Honestly, ...")
            > Multiple instances of seeing an event (John being nice) vs. "John is a nice person."
        - To what extent are different speakers skilled at giving praise?
            > How are you going to actually help your friend?
            > If you're too far off, it's not going to be effective.
                - (Though not necessarily a violation of Gricean maxims)
    - Cool conclusions: Somebody being completely candid can be reprehensible!
    - Also, cultural norms.
        > Are there cultures where honesty trumps kindness?
        > Does this relate at all to ideal affect?
    - Relation to overpraise (Ellie's work) / words that backfire
    - At what age do children produce white lies, flattery?
        > Talwar, Murphy, and Lee (2007)
            - Age 3 - 11
            - 70% of preschoolers (3-5) told a white lie
            - Do children actually represent other beliefs in this way?
            - Or do they just say nice things?